the most common mistakes new leaders make. I would appropriately term
that people who have come into new leadership positions because I realize
is not realizing that they I need to listen to their people. Usually
new leadership. New new positions don't just spontaneously arrive.
There's usually some sort of infrastructure underneath that includes
people have been doing that type of work for a while. As a leader,
you need to leverage that experience. You don't know what you're
talking about until you've leveraged that experience. If you don't
do that, you're basically operating off a theory. And you have to
ask yourself, Well, what if my theory is wrong about what you're supposed
to be doing? The people below you, the people that end up working
for you, that I've been doing that for for decent amount of time
can kind of cage you and direct you and help you decide what direction
you need to take this new position.